# Heart Rate Statistics Calculator

This Node.js project is designed to calculate and report daily statistics for heart rate measurements. It reads heart rate data from an input file, calculates the minimum, maximum, and median heart rates, and identifies the latest data timestamp for each day. The results are then stored in an output JSON file.

## Project Structure

The project has the following folder structure:

- `src/`: Contains the source code, including the main script.
- `data/`: Stores the heart rate data in the `heartrate.json` file.
- `output/`: Stores the output data in the `output.json` file.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies which files and directories should be ignored by Git.
- `README.md`: Provides project documentation and instructions.
- `package.json`: Manages project dependencies and configuration.
- `node_modules/`: Automatically generated by Node.js for dependencies.

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

## Clone the Repository

   Clone this repository to your local machine using the following commands:
   
   **git clone https://github.com/NAVEENINTEL/heart-rate-statistics-calculator.git**
   
Navigate to the Project Directory:

## Change your working directory to the project folder:**
cd heart-rate-calculator

## Install Dependencies

Ensure you have Node.js installed on your machine. If not, download and install it from the official website (https://nodejs.org/).

## Install project dependencies by running
npm install

## Run the Script:

Execute the heart rate statistics calculator script:

**node src/calculateHeartRate.js**
The script will process the data, calculate statistics, and save the results in the output/output.json file.

## View the Results:

Open the **output/output.json** file to view the calculated statistics for each day.

**Additional Information**
The .gitignore file ensures that certain files and directories are not included in version control. You can add or modify entries to exclude specific files.


